Let op: voor deze functie zoeken we iemand die Nederlandstalig is.
Overview of role
We are looking for an experienced (all round) Communications professional to join our team. We’re looking for a strategic thinker and a pragmatic ‘do-er’ who can help to strengthen and amplify the B Corp brand across channels in the Benelux and at the same time guarding B Lab’s reputation.
Reports to the Communications Lead B Lab Benelux.
This is an exciting opportunity for someone keen to join a growing purpose-led global organization and movement, working to make a difference in the global economy.

Responsibilities of role
We are looking for a motivated team player with 3-5 years of experience in external communications as a communications manager/ consultant preferably but not exclusively at an agency or a company. With experience in developing and executing a social media strategy.
You will be working closely with B Lab’s Communications Lead to (develop and) implement the communications strategy for the Benelux, based on our Global B Lab strategy and objectives. The core goal is to strengthen the integrity and reputation of B Lab and our B Corp standard and to market other (non-certification) products among different audiences.
● Designing and creating multimedia content for a variety of platforms and channels in line with the overarching marketing & communications strategy. Managing the content calendar.
● Develop and execute a social media strategy, creating content, managing conversations & social analytics
● Collaborate with the Communications Lead on publicity campaigns and PR activities.
● Drafting and editing media releases, news items, blogs/ articles for internal and external channels
● Serve as a brand guardian - maximizing brand exposure and ensuring all messaging, brand signage and usage among b corps and other partners meet B Lab’s branding guidelines
● Work together with the Business Development team to design, write, edit, and proofread business development & Marketing content (presentations, mailings, other).
Preferred Qualifications, Skills and Experience
Qualifications:
● You have experience in translating complex topics into clear messages that are adapted to the situation and audience(s) at hand.
● You are experienced with social media and you like both creating content (Linkedin & IG) and organizing and data analytics (managing the platform Sprout Social).
● Bringing creative content (on sustainability-related topics) to the table is what gets you excited.
● Experienced with G Suite and presentation programs (Google Presentations, Powerpoint, Miro).
● Native Dutch speaker with also exceptional understanding, writing, and verbal communication skills in English.
Person Specifications:
● Team player: You can work both autonomously and as a reliable and collaborative teammate.
● Structured & Organized: You are capable of managing multiple projects and workflows simultaneously, without losing an eye for details.
● Self-motivated and proactive: You enjoy rolling up your sleeves and getting things done, you identify opportunities
● Impact driven - You know the key sustainability trends and topics and you are eager to personally contribute to B Lab’s mission
● Networker - You thrive in non-hierarchical organizations and you build constructive relationships easily - both within B Lab and with external B Lab partners or in our community.
What We Offer
● Salary depending on relevant experience
● Hybrid working, the option of working from home
● 25 days of holiday plus additional days off over the end-of-year holiday period
● Volunteering hours to help contribute to other organisations
● Annual professional development budget to contribute to career development and learning
● Monthly contributions towards health insurance, health and wellbeing, mobile and commuting to the office bills, and working from home – we believe well-being is fundamental to our mental and physical health and happiness!
● Working in a flexible open office at the KIT, next to the Oosterpark.
Location
Hybrid working – a combination of working from home and working from our open Amsterdam office space
Compensation
The indicative salary range is EUR 44.000- 50.000 gross per year (incl holiday allowance).
Recruitment Policy
B Lab believes an equitable and inclusive work environment and a diverse, empowered team are key to achieving our mission. We’re not looking for candidates who are “culture fits.” We’re looking for candidates who can expand our culture and challenge business as usual. We strive to foster an environment where all staff can bring their whole selves to work, by their own definition, and we strive to provide all candidates with an equitable and accessible recruitment process.
All enquiries relating to this position should be directed to jobs@bcorporation.eu.
Whether you are successful or not, we will store your application and data in our system for a maximum period of one year from the application date in case another role becomes available that you are suitable for. If you have any questions or concerns about us storing this data and/or the period of time, please contact us at jobs@bcorporation.eu and we will respond to you within 30 days.
Further Information
Please submit your cover letter and your CV (no picture, no date nor place of birth, no nationality) in English via this link.
About us
B Lab is a leading organisation in the field of economic system change that creates standards, guidelines and tools for companies through its global network, and certifies companies that are leading the way - called B Corps.  To date, our community includes over 6,700 B Corps in 70 countries and 160 industries.
